Resolve feedbacks for Distribute SPM feature (#2220)
microsoft/appcenter-sdk-apple: CHANGELOG.md

### App Center Distribute

> * **[Feature]** Add the Distribute module to Swift Package Manager. Please note that due to additional resources bundle, it requires Swift 5.3 (Xcode 12 and higher).

Reviewer: Just a suggestion - not sure about the phrase repeating the word 'distribute' `...Distribute module ... distributed...` :)
```suggestion
* **[Feature]** Add the Distribute module to the package distributed through Swift Package Manager. Please note that due to additional resources bundle, it requires Swift 5.3 (Xcode 12 and higher).
```

Author: I am sure that this phrase already enough clear, let's keep it as is.

> * **[Feature]** Add the Distribute module to Swift Package Manager. Because the API for adding resources to Swift Package Manager was added in Swift 5.3 the Distribute module can be available since Xcode 12 and higher.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **[Feature]** Add the Distribute module to Swift Package Manager. Please note that due to additional resources bundle, it requires Swift 5.3 (Xcode 12 and higher).
```
